Just keep working.
Hey! You did such a good job!
You didn't even seem nervous.
You must be a natural on TV.
I'm flattered.
These are things they're demanding.
Get them ready
and have the agent
who was sent in yesterday deliver them.
You mean Jang Han-na?
But she's enraged right now.
How about we send another agent?
That bastard said it must be her.
He specifically told me to send her.
He must love women.
That young bastard even hung up on me.
Understood, sir.
By the way, sir, since you stepped up,
things have been going smoothly.
That goes without saying.
Now,
we just need to wait
until the election's over.
Make me some coffee. Nice and sweet.
Do you mean me?
Right away.
This is so nice.
It really is.
Damn it! I told you, I won't get out!
But why? Why do you not want to get out?
How many times do I have to tell you?
While he escapes and brings
the special forces to kill the spies,
I'll turn my life around here!
What? How will a fool like you
turn his life around?
Tell me how you will.
You don't need to know.
Just get out of here alone.
How can I possibly leave without you?
God, this is driving me crazy.
Dad, you won't be of any help anyway
if you stay here.
So stop getting in my way
and just go!
For God's sake, Sang-beom!
Don't shoot! I'm Lee Gang-mu, the team
leader of Anti-communist Investigations 1!
SWAT team, follow me!
A situation occurred.
Team Leader Lee Gang-mu just came out
of the exit and is asking us to go in.
Make him go back in right now.
Make him go back in! At all cost!
Follow me now!
We received an order. Go back in.
Who the hell gave such an order?
The exit.
You crazy bastards!
If you come any closer,
we'll have to shoot you.
Go back in. It's an order.
Go back in!